A. Install GitBash On windows OS

     1. Install Git tool Gitbash on your windows machine.
     2. Configure Git username and email in your GitBash.
            git config --global user.name "<your name>"
            git config --global user.email "<your email>"
     3. To see all configuration details in GitBash, use command: git config --list
   
B. Create remote repository on GitHub - Already created

C. Create Local repository on your local machine

     1. Create a folder where you want your project to be stored.
     2. Right click and select GitBash - it'll open gitbash emulator.
     3. Type in commans gitinit - initialize empty git repository in that folder.
 
D. Link local repository to remote repository
     
     1. In order to connect them we need to add origin(we are calling remote here origin)
        command: git remote add origin "link of your central repository"
     2. Pull all the files from central repository to local repository using command below:
        git pull origin master
     
E. Push the file from Local Repository to Central Repository
     1. Create file in your workplace.
     2. a. There’s an intermediate space that resides in between your workspace and local repository. 
        b. When you want to commit any changes in the local repository, you must add those files in the index first. This is the layer                between your workspace and local repository.
        c. If the file is not in index, you cannot make any changes to the repository.
     3. Type git status command to check the files that are not added in index.
     4. To add file to Index use command: git add file_name.txt
     5. Now we need to commit the file/changes to local repository. For that use command: git commit -m "commit_message"
     6. If you want to add all the files to Index at once, use command: git add -A
     7. For committing all the files in the Index at once, use command: git commit -a -m "commit message"
     8. git log - use this command to check how commits are stored.
     9. If your file is already in the Index and you modified it later, you can directly use git commit -a - m "" command.
     
     
 F. Create Branches in local repository
    1. git branch branch_name  ---- command to create new branch
    2. git checkout branch_name ----- command to switch to particular branch
    3. ls - use this command to list out all files in the branch
    4. The changes will be present in this branch only, not in master branch
    

 G. Merging Branches
    1. Make sure you are in branch in which you want to merge it.
    2. Use command: git merge branch_name
    3. Use cat filename.extension command to see what file actually contains
    

    
    
    
    
     
      
 
